docs/datacultures_configuration.md, before:

# Datacultures Configuration

Copy the sample configuration file to the configuration directory. This is used as a template for the final configuration.

```shell
mkdir -p config
cp datacultures/config/.env_conf.yml.example config/.env_conf.yml
```

The LTI standard specifies that an embedded LTI provider share an application key and application secret for authentication. They are configured from the Canvas UI.

The database and Canvas information must be updated. Do this for each environment you wish to configure (production, qa, staging, development, etc):

From the sample file:
```yaml
production:
  assets:
    served_by_app_server:  false   # set to false where Apache is available
  databases:
    database: 'datacultures_production'
    host: 'localhost'
    port:  5432
  api:
    server:  'http://localhost:3100/'
    course: '1'
    api_key:  'FOOBARBAZ'
```

Edit the configuration file (../config/.env_conf.yml relative the project root, directory created and file copied as above) Configure the 'databases' section with appropriate values:

```yaml
  databases:
    database: 'lti_app_live'
    host: 'https://some.database.host'
    port:  9000
```

and also configure the last section. This section is for the Canvas instance in which the app is embedded. If the [instructor's API key](api_key_generation.md) is 'uq0b5QOsjTfpAjYjXUFSUur7lkX2JkgKJlDNKc+FA3Q3gwmQYTo1MOIpAlt112pfjBeuG0N7bvqP9YGrXWPTmnQ', it might look like this:

```yaml
  api:
    server: 'https://datacultures-canvas.instructure.com/'
    course: '30765'
    api_key:  'uq0b5QOsjTfpAjYjXUFSUur7lkX2JkgKJlDNKc+FA3Q3gwmQYTo1MOIpAlt112pfjBeuG0N7bvqP9YGrXWPTmnQ'
```

Commit message:

CYB-129 The 3 LTI Tools (PointsConfiguration, Gallery, and Leaderboard) should self-embed in Canvas
* adds thor tasks for each individually and one for all, to embed them in Canvas
*************************************************************************************
*   The ../config/.env_conf.yml file MUST have a new line added, so that Canvas can *
*    call back to the LTI tool to get the XML needed to make the configuration      *
*   the 'app' section for each Rails environment must have the 'lti_base_url' key   *
*   set to the location of the LTI app (DataCultures app), with trailing slash      *
*************************************************************************************
https://jira.ets.berkeley.edu/jira/browse/CYB-129

docs/datacultures_configuration.md, after:

# Datacultures Configuration

* Copy the sample configuration file to the configuration directory. This is used as a template for the final configuration.

```shell
mkdir -p config
cp datacultures/config/.env_conf.yml.example config/.env_conf.yml
```

The LTI standard specifies that an embedded LTI provider share an application key and application secret for authentication. There is a task to configure them later.

The database, Canvas, and datacultures' own information must be updated. Do this for each environment you wish to configure (production, qa, staging, development, etc):

From the sample file:
```yaml
production:
  assets:
    served_by_app_server:  false   # set to false where Apache is available
  databases:
    database: 'datacultures_production'
    host: 'localhost'
    port:  5432
  api:
    server:  'http://localhost:3100/'
    course: '1'
    api_key:  'FOOBARBAZ'
  app:
    lti_secret: '7w+N/m0hjBoweKp9iQMzr49dISFA/t3UD5My58blXHjHGW8QuScKgPpBNFbFdgmtlI6xA9NLxweemiiLuY4XIA=='
    lti_key: 'qa2j57NPb3Wue0Ki7g7pZwN9i3Mg1MqQi+EfJ8UsKtjgbqAiYW56BTT8i1pI2Fvl9dZ+P7xf1cZGqfFQyKvGTQ=='
    secret_key_base: 'K00GCcRCdMwU9a9pqxnBusmJHhda6l/OE5Crao91itBP7OnrOl1rA294kfwPPkfnvMve5dSe5Gp/0vf8UORfDQ=='
    lti_base_url: 'http://localhost:3000/'
```

Edit the configuration file (../config/.env_conf.yml relative the project root, directory created and file copied as above) Configure the 'databases' section with appropriate values:

```yaml
  databases:
    database: 'lti_app_live'
    host: 'https://some.database.host'
    port:  9000
```

then configure the api section. This section is for the Canvas instance in which the app is embedded. Note that 'course' must be a string, not an integer. If the [instructor's API key](api_key_generation.md) is 'uq0b5QOsjTfpAjYjXUFSUur7lkX2JkgKJlDNKc+FA3Q3gwmQYTo1MOIpAlt112pfjBeuG0N7bvqP9YGrXWPTmnQ', it might look like this:

```yaml
  api:
    server: 'https://datacultures-canvas.instructure.com/'
    course: '30765'
    api_key:  'uq0b5QOsjTfpAjYjXUFSUur7lkX2JkgKJlDNKc+FA3Q3gwmQYTo1MOIpAlt112pfjBeuG0N7bvqP9YGrXWPTmnQ'
```

finally, so that the app can be embedded into Canvas, Canvas must know where to get the configuration information.  Edit the 'lti_base_url' parameter under the 'app' section to where DataCultures is installed (including the port, just as the Canvas paramter does)  It might look something like this:
```yaml
  app:
    lti_secret: '7w+N/m0hjBoweKp9iQMzr49dISFA/t3UD5My58blXHjHGW8QuScKgPpBNFbFdgmtlI6xA9NLxweemiiLuY4XIA=='
    lti_key: 'qa2j57NPb3Wue0Ki7g7pZwN9i3Mg1MqQi+EfJ8UsKtjgbqAiYW56BTT8i1pI2Fvl9dZ+P7xf1cZGqfFQyKvGTQ=='
    secret_key_base: 'K00GCcRCdMwU9a9pqxnBusmJHhda6l/OE5Crao91itBP7OnrOl1rA294kfwPPkfnvMve5dSe5Gp/0vf8UORfDQ=='
    lti_base_url: 'http://localhost:3000/'
```
